- It is not always clear when the game is paused, leading to confusing
  situations where the hint button and normal moves don't seem to work
  anymore. Unpausing the game is the solution, obviously.

- Occasionally when using alt-tab or other tab combinations, the text
  field in the 'load' and 'save' dialog will stop taking normal typed
  input. Backspace and other control characters do still work. This is
  an issue (possible bug) related to the allegro GUI, I'm working on
  getting it fixed.

- Using allegro 4.1.8 WIP in linux, the game sometimes hangs when a key is
  pressed. This seems to be a problem related to allegro 4.1.8, other
  versions (4.0.3) don't show this behaviour.

- I've seen an assert in one of the allegro drawing routines triggered
  several times. This probably means that in a release build a
  coredump will occur, due to a NULL pointer dereference or something
  similar. Unfortunately I have not been able to track down the
  cause of the problem yet.

- The computer may sometimes skip a corner when it should, according
  to common sense, take it right away. This is a remaining balance
  issue between the scoring of positions and the number of stones. It
  should not happen in the early game anymore, but later in the game
  it may if the computer favors having more stones over getting the
  corner. Keep in mind that situations where the computer can tell
  that he will get the corner anyway the next turn, don't count in
  this respect.

- When playing against Xreversi at ply 3, the computer may select a
  move which leads to a situation where it has no stones left around
  move number 10. This is due to the low ply level: it cannot see that
  one turn later the opponent will be able to capture almost all it's
  stones. Playing at one ply level higher solves the problem.

- The computer may report that the player is going to win, while this
  is only so if the player selects the moves the computer has thought
  out. If the player selects very silly moves, he may still be able to
  loose :-) Once the computer reports it is going to win itself,
  there's no way out anymore.
